hey guys who is chilling my name is
lonely mailbox and it's been a while
since I've done a dual commentary and
obviously based on the title of this
video you know that that is what this is
my last one was like a year ago you know
beginning of this year last year with tr
male 23 and he's grown a lot since then
so I definitely thought you know maybe I
should do another one especially with
somebody like who i have here today
which is mike is 795 and he's been
really active with me on Twitter always
replying to my tweets always retweeting
my tweets um he's he's leaving comments
on my videos always like in and
sometimes favoriting them even and you
know on top of that he's a really good
commentator so I I asked him to come on
I asked him to come to you with dual
commentary with me he said yes and I'm
really happy to have him here so why
don't you introduce yourself man you
know what is good guys my name is mike
and thank you for having me here lonely
mailboxes and it's an honor to do a dual
commentary with you and the gameplay
that you guys are watching right now is
my gameplay it's a Kill Confirmed moab
on hard head and using the golden penis
which I called the gold PP 90 and i'm
using the specialist strike package i'm
using sleight of hand assassin and
stalker my original person i'm using is
scavenger assassin and what was the
other per call I'm sorry steady aim and
I mean I have five Moab's already but I
thought that a quick moab will be a good
gameplay for this dual commentary so you
know talking about mobs i actually don't
have one you can call me moab dubai i
totally admit it but i don't know if
you've seen my you know summer kid did
you see that summer camp story video of
course yeah okay well you know what it
was like a free-for-all i had no idea
what was going on with the moa be i
thought it was like 22 kills or
something you know it was horrible i was
like what the hell do i do so again I
was like Gavin my ass off and I was just
like screw it in and I got killed but
you know I still haven't gotten when I
see maybe where people are so excited
you know I ended I honestly don't think
it's that big of a deal because honestly
I'm not I'm not a heavy-duty gamer I
really just play like honestly probably
like 3 to 2 times a week I don't know
not that much I don't know about you but
today obviously it's not gonna be about
the gameplay there's not really anybody
who talks about game play anymore today
we have a little dual commentary and the
first thing we wanted to talk about was
a Christmas oh no first I actually
forgot something i wanted to mention
that
here is actually a machinima partner
he's a young machinima partner actually
a little bit younger than me I mean when
did you get your partnership man i got a
about two weeks ago two weeks ago yeah
that's that's definitely something that
he's a new partner obviously and that's
that's really cool um I actually I got
partnered like a late January I got
offered last year in January and it
actually all panned out and it came
together in February so I'm coming up on
my partnership anniversary one here
anniversary whatever you want to call it
but that's gonna be kind of exciting
might do something special for that I
don't know but let's talk about
Christmas man you said that you had a
cool story and you got some cool things
I'm obviously people know what I got I
got the turtle which I still haven't
named yet i'll go ahead and kind of
explain to them this story and you know
how it all turned out well to start this
off is that i wanna i really wanted a
machinima hoodie this christmas because
i want to represent myself as a
machinima partner and so what actually
happened before my mom gave me the box
with the hoodie on e was that my mom
gave me a box no not getting me I'm
sorry I gave my grandma box and she
picked it up she picked up the present
out of the box and it was some kind of
jacket and she didn't like it because
she was like what the hell is this and
she threw it on the floor and it was
pretty funny at that part and then my
mom gave me a box and she was like
there's a hoodie in there and I was
really exciting no I took the shirt that
I had on i don't understood on and so I
took the hoodie out of the box and next
thing you know I look at it and it's not
my hoodie I look more into it and it's
actually a bedazzled sweater with the
dazzle pants on it and so I go to my mom
oh go on oh I'm sorry but I was just
like where's my hoodie mom and I was all
really really upset because I really
wanted that hoodie and my mom starts
laughing at me because I had the
bedazzled sweater and pants and so she
starts looking around and she looks like
the jacket that my grandma through on
the floor she picks it up and there's my
machinima hoodie that's that's weird you
dumb I have two questions for you but
I'm going to go ahead and ask them in
the second part of this dual commentary
which will be uploaded to mike's channel
guys it's on the annotation on the
green and the link is in the description
so go check out part 2 this dual
commentary i will see you over at his
channel